♪ ♪
(baby babbling)
Yeah, man.
That's the East Coast-- ticks.
Well, yeah, but we almost
didn't go to Montauk,
which is what kills me
because it's like,
last minute, our friends
decide to elope,
and we went to her
parents' summerhouse
just to be supportive
and, like, go with the flow,
even though there's so much
to do and we're obviously
not even remotely unpacked.
And besides, we left LA
to avoid dying in a drought,
not so some tick
could murder my baby.
Don't blame the tick, babe.
It's the Lyme disease
inside the tick
that'll kill our daughter.
Oh, you know what,
save that for her eulogy.
Like a ticking time bomb.
Quinn:
That is in poor taste.
Jim, great job
in the kitchen, man.
Really, this isn't funny.
I liked it.
What are you doing
right now?
Yeah, let me know how
that pen works out, man.
Hey, can I offer you guys
a complimentary
housewarming edible?
Oh, that's very kind.
Oh, that's--
We're fine, babe.
(baby babbling)
Oh.
Okay.
I actually have a colleague
who wanted your number.
Can I just give it
to her or do you need...
Yeah, sure.
Just, um, just text me
her name number and address,
and then when she texts me,
just make sure she doesn't
say anything about weed.
Make sure she just says
she wants to hang out.
Got it. Cool.
Okay?
That is the cutest baby
I've ever seen.
Oh, thanks, so much.
You are so beautiful.
Congratulations.
And the new house.
Can I take any of these empty
boxes down or anything?
Oh!
Well, actually, would you mind
taking that trash?
I can smell Jane's diaper.
No, babe.
You don't need to do that.
Oh, I don't even mind.
He's helpful.
I'm very helpful.
Yeah, okay.
Thank you, bike safe.
Yeah, thank you.
I'll take the recyclables too.
Sweet. Thanks, man.
Bye-bye, you guys.
I cannot believe you seriously
just asked the weed guy
to take out the trash.
He wouldn't ask if
he didn't want to.
It's an empty gesture,
I think.
♪ ♪
(speaks indistinctly)
(speaking Mandarin Chinese)
(woman chuckles)
♪ ♪
(slurping)
(slurps)
(radio playing indistinctly)
♪ ♪
(theremin warbling
classical melody)
We see photos of you
with David Bowie's wife,
the African model.
You look so beautiful.
Oh, thank you.
That was kind of surreal.
Yeah, I mean, this whole year
has been surreal.
Liang has been getting us
into some pretty fancy rooms
these days.
Oh, Wei, I was
meaning to ask you...
Do you have any photos of
you and Liang back in the '80s
when he was playing
in the subways?
'Cause my friend is making
a documentary
on musical prodigies
and Liang is in it.
(gasps)
You get so famous now!
I find you some photos
and send them to you next week.
Okay.
(speaking Mandarin Chinese)
(belches)
Give me your address.
I don't have your new one
since you moved.
Excuse me. May we please have...
I'll give you Liang's
manager's e-mail
and he'll coordinate the photos.
...a glass of Sancerre
and the check.
(speaking Mandarin Chinese)
Well, have you given some
thought about coming to Berlin?
Uh, I think we stay home.
His back hurts a lot.
He cannot sit through
the six-hour flight.
The seats are first-class.
They recline.
Yeah, they're actually
really comfortable.
I mean, I slept
all the way here.
(speaking Mandarin Chinese)
Sorry. I told you,
it's going to be fine.
Solange's dad has like
a million frequent flyer miles.
All right? Cost is
not going to be an issue.
I know Liang
said no gifts, but...
I couldn't help myself.
(speaking Mandarin Chinese)
(ringtones playing)
♪ ♪
Man:
You cannot
delete the Internet.
I think you probably
just deleted the shortcut.
Just the shortcut.
Yeah, that part right there.
Okay, guys, hey, listen.
Great session today,
but before we go,
I just want to say
a couple of things.
I still notice
that some of you
are licking your finger
before you swipe the phone.
You don't need to do that
with this technology.
And I'm talking
to you, Joon. Okay?
(laughing)
Um, so, uh,
that's the other thing.
And then, like, let's try
some of the things this week
that we learned today.
Let's try FaceTiming
with our grandchildren.
Hey, let's use
voice-to-text.
Um, and now I'm gonna
answer the questions
that you guys text to me
before we finish up class.
"IRL" means "in real life."
And just remember, Mary, you
don't need to sign your name.
Your contact information
comes right up on the screen.
Although "sincerely"
is kind of nice.
It's kind of nice to get
a sincerely from you.
Man (on TV):
The Republican pushback has
been completely disorganized.
Come on, let's hope that
the Obama administration...
Woman (on TV):
You mean to tell me
the DNA was planted...
(TV continuing indistinctly)
(alarm buzzing)
Man:
Hey, Jim!
Whoa!
(electronic music thumping)
♪ ♪
(lively chattering)
Uh, hi.
Oh, Cookie!
Hey, everybody,
this is my daughter, Quinn.
Quinn, this is everybody. Hey!
All: Hi!
Hey.
Woman:
Quinn! Hey, mama!
Quinn:
You're who I
should be talking to.
My dad says that
you run a preschool?
That's my 20-month-old
over there, Jane.
Oh, I met her.
She's so smiley.
Yeah, she is.
It's actually
a preschool for grown-ups.
Oh...
You should totally check it out.
Isn't that just so fleek?
Oh, Dad, I'm not sure
you're quite getting
the usage on that yet.
Ha-cha-cha, give me a break.
Come on, don't you love it?
She's got all these
Wall-Streeters coming in,
doing finger painting
and taking naps.
I think it's fabulous.
Yeah. Only Costco's
finest, I see.
This is Professor Cupcake.
He's one of our instructors.
Hi, Cupcake.
Hi, Juicebox.
Jim:
I call her Cookie!
Oh, sounds like
a lot of carbs.
Nasim was basically, like,
an orphan before me, you know?
I mean, don't you sometimes
feel like it's narcissistic
to be like,
"Oh, my genes, DNA...
I have to give birth."
You know? I--
Oh, I think she's hungry.
Oh, I'm still lactating.
My younger one
is four and--
No, no.
That's fine, thank you.
Are you sure?
Dean:
Yes, thank you.
Woman:
Okay. I think
I'm leaking...
Oh, you know what,
it's not--
Oh, yeah, come on.
I'd rather do that.
It's more direct.
I mean, Jesus Christ!
Only in Brooklyn
can you smoke pot
all day with your friends
and call it
a preschool for adults.
Oh, I don't think there's any
pot involved in the preschool.
I think that's about
offering adults
a chance to escape from their
responsibilities in the city.
As far as I can tell,
these people spend every day
they're not at Burning Man
decompressing from or
getting ready for Burning Man.
I don't know, day raves
are really trending right now,
so they might
know something we don't.
Oh, really,
are day raves on fleek?
Oh, I know, it's terrible.
Ha-cha-cha.
I know. Stop.
I know, he's the worst.
Ha-cha-cha.
Stop.
In fact, he actually
called something "off fleek"
last night. Did you hear that?
He just wants to be
one of the cool kids.
Well, and since he started
smoking bowls at 11:00 a.m.,
he's forgetting things.
Like the fact that he said
he would take Jane on Monday.
Why can't you take her?
Well, I was hoping
to go climbing.
Remember, I don't have
class 'cause of the holiday.
Oh, well, I'm sorry
my super generous dad
who does all this stuff for us
can't be there on Monday
and you have to spend time
with your own kid.
No, come on.
You know that's
not what I'm saying.
I'm basically just repeating
back things that you say
all the time.
Nah,
I say it a little differently.
I'm not attacking
his character.
He's just really saving our
asses right now, so I think
we can let him have this.
The-- Oh, yeah.
I might go
with him next time.
To the-- a day rave?
Yeah.
Cool.
As long as you
can watch Jane.
Yup.
Great.
I'm so glad you came.
We're gonna have
a fabulous time.
No one's gonna make me
dance with them, right?
I can just dance by myself?
No, no, no.
You just do you, Cookie.
Everything's gonna be great.
Oh, wow, Gaby Hoffmann.
Who?
Right there, Gaby Hoffmann.
You know who she is.
Wait, that's Gaby?
Hey, I know her! Gaby!
(dance music playing)
Inhale, lift your arms up!
Exhale, and let's om.
All:
Om...
Exhale. Round cat.
Inhale. Cow.
Draw your navel up,
and back to dog.
And breathe.
Sit bones up and back,
and stretch.
Open muladhara chakra
and stretch your coochie.
♪ Heat ♪
♪ You see the road
I wanna follow ♪
♪ It takes a turn,
it's hard to follow ♪
♪ I want your touch,
I want your body ♪
♪ I feel the heat ♪
♪ Heat ♪
DJ:
What's up? What's up?
Good morning, yeah!
(door opens)
Hi!
Hi.
I didn't realize you were
gonna be here so early.
Yeah, I was
at that morning dance thing.
Did you get
my text about the juice?
Yeah, yeah.
I responded, yes.
I got the green
and the beet.
Oh, right, right, right, sorry.
It's just I'm in--
I'm in a weird headspace.
It was weird?
It was no good?
No, you know what,
it was fine.
It was just, um...
It just wasn't for me.
There was a lot
of touching and hugging
and body glitter,
just too early in the morning.
But I'm over 30,
so what do I know?
Yeah, it's weird. I can't do
anything in the morning.
Like, I can't even
read a book.
Like, anything--
I'm sorry
to cut you off, Jess.
I just-- I was hoping
for a moment of quiet.
Oh, yeah, totally.
Great.
Sorry.
(phone ringing)
(chair scraping)
Sorry.
(computer chimes)
It's my birthday--
Where are we on the settee?
What's a settee?
It's the couch thing
I asked you to order.
Oh. Uh...
Yeah, I will f--
I will find-- I'll find that--
I'll send you
the link again.
Oh, okay, yeah.
Happy birthday.
Okay, thank you.
♪ ♪
Hey, you okay, man?
Hey.
You okay?
Um, that--
that's our chair!
What?
That's our chair,
the one he's sitting on,
it's ours.
We're just waiting
for him to wake up,
but that's our chair.
Do you know him?
We saw it first, sorry.
But you don't know him?
No.
We've been here.
Sorry.
I see.
It's all yours.
Both: Thank you.
Good night.
It's a beautiful piece.
Everyone wants it.
♪ The chair is mine ♪
(phone ringing)
Hey.
Jim, hey.
Can you call me back
the normal way?
Jim:
What's that, bud?
What'd you say?
This is, uh, video.
Yeah, it's FaceTime.
I'll call you back.
Nobody wants to do
the FaceTime.
(phone ringing)
Okay.
Here we go.
How can I help you?
Jim:
Hey. I'm babysitting
Jane tonight.
You got to come
to the parlor floor.
Okay, cool. So, uh,
I'll put you last
and then I can get those
playlists from you. Sound good?
Ha-cha-cha!
Yeah, ha-cha-cha,
see you, man.
Feel better.
How long can
a person sleep for?
It was fun
and I mean, interesting
from like,
a sociological perspective.
And I'm totally glad I went--
Yeah, I think they're all
camping out in our yard.
Yes, and our backyard is
full of day ravers.
You will know them
by their trail of glitter.
I just--
There's no way those girls
aren't skeeved out by him.
Well, maybe they're not.
I once fucked a guy that was
26 years older than me.
What?!
Wow.
When was this?
It was way before our time.
Don't make it
about you.
I used to go
to Costco when I was a kid.
You really can't
beat the savings.
I mean, they've been selling
a hot dog and a fountain soda
for $1.50
since the '80s.
Come on!
That's right. Those hot dogs
are fucking good.
And they'll let you
return anything.
Anything.
No questions asked.
I returned
an inflatable pool island
that Quinn used
for an entire summer,
they still gave me
my money back.
Bullshit.
Cash.
Cash?
No receipt.
They're fabulous.
That is incredible.
I just can't
give up Costco, man.
I feel so fucking
calm in that place.
(laughs)
Wait. How old is he?
67.
He's 67.
He's 67?
Yeah.
I can't even get
out of the house.
I mean,
I've been trying to see--
I've been trying to take her
to see "Hamilton" forever.
Oh, it is so good.
We totally get it though.
We got key lime pie
in Red Hook the other day,
and it was like
scaling Mount Everest.
I love that place.
The satisfaction we felt,
it was ridiculous.
I haven't been there in so long.
Just getting out of the house.
And I didn't eat anything.
But you know...
honey, we should
just go for strolls.
Just go for a walk.
Oh, right.
Are you fucking
kidding me?
It'd take two hours
to get out the door.
(baby crying)
Okay.
Oh, no, no, I'll get it.
I'll get her.
Okay.
(sighs)
So, I saw on Instagram,
Jane is walking.
Yeah.
She is.
What are you guys
doing with her stroller?
So, what you retired
and then you moved to New York?
I don't hear about that
very often.
I mean, I used to be
a fucking asshole, so...
Really?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I was working my ass off
for my entire kids' childhood.
It was like, they were born
and I went to work
where I slept
and woke up 30 years later.
Just working?
Yeah, I just...
selling the company, man.
Yeah.
And the idea behind this place,
is to expose the grandkids
to a little culture,
a little diversity...
Okay.
...so they're not
so scared growing up
like Quinn
and her brother were.
You know,
so fucking uptight.
Yeah, her husband's
kind of uptight, too.
Oh, God. Did they call you
about that tick thing?
No.
Oh, baby.
They said they were
gonna call you.
Well, here's
a perfect example.
They got all bent out of shape
after you came last time
because apparently
you threw away a bottle
they were saving
a tick in.
Yes, the tick that bit
the baby in Montauk.
What?
I know people
drafted into Vietnam
who reacted more calmly
than those two about that tick.
That's... terrible.
I took their tick, man.
(laughing)
I've just been watching those
two run around like assholes
for the past week talking
ticks and Lyme disease,
and I'm just thinking
this shit is fucking cray.
Yeah. That is cray.
(phone buzzing)
Wait a minute.
News from the front.
They'll be home
in about 15 minutes or so.
So, it seems like we can
safely smoke that thing.
All right. That sounds good.
I can put the kettle on
and, um...
You want something?
Tea, beer?
Beer would be good.
I'll get some of Dean's
craft beer, some good shit.
No, I don't want
to drink his craft beer.
Oh, I bought it,
it's fine.
Thank you.
Her fingernails
were so dirty.
Did you really
not notice that?
Did I notice that
her fingernails were dirty?
No, I did not see that.
Yes.
Oh, my gosh,
they were filthy.
I can't believe
you didn't notice that.
Well, she's busy.
She works in production.
She has like,
15-hour days.
That is a ridiculous excuse.
Also, she's a lesbian.
Yeah.
So you'd think that would be,
like, extra important to her.
Or to Joan.
Yeah...
And like, I ate her food.
It's not like I think
she's a filthy person.
No, I know.
I just would not want
to be her sex partner with--
Do you smell that?
Is something burning?
Oh, my God, Dad!
Oh!
Dad! Dad!
Do you see
the monitor? Dad!
Oh, what the--
Shit!
Dad, you put the fucking
electric kettle on the stove!
It was burning!
My God!
Are you seriously
holding a joint right now?
Wow. My God,
I'm sorry you guys.
Thank goodness you came home
when you did, right? Shit.
Yeah, otherwise you would've
burned down the whole house.
Well, it's an honest mistake.
I'm used to my stovetop kettle
in there, the same shape.
Was it a mistake
or are you stoned?
Cookie, I'm sorry.
But I've gotta say,
I think the stimulating
conversation's what made me
forget about the kettle,
not the grass.
I just took two hits right now.
Ask him.
Yeah, I saw him.
He only took two hits.
And I heard that
I took your tick,
and I feel terrible.
Totally. I hope
that you guys--
Have a good night.
Sorry about this.
I'm really sorry.
It's cool, man.
I'm sure it was an accident.
Dad, do we have to be
the only adults in the house?
Are you gonna be our other child
that we have to worry about?
Wait a second. Wait a second.
Like Dean said to The Guy,
it was an accident.
Yeah, well, the weed guy's
not helping us raise our
child, you are.
And I know you don't have
a lot of experience
raising children,
but it's more than just
showing up and buying things.
You have to actually
be present and sober, okay?
Not act like some unemployed
20-year-old raver.
What the fuck, Quinn?
Don't put me
on blast like that.
(snickers)
Stop making fun of me!
I'm a person.
I'm not just Dad.
I'm a person too,
and I have feelings.
(smoke alarm beeping)
Yeah, well, now the house
is filled with toxic fumes.
Well, then you can all
sleep down here if you like.
I don't care.
Sorry. We've had
a few too many tonight.
Quinn:
I'm not drunk!
(phone dings)
(chuckles)
Could you turn down
the brightness?
(chuckles)
Bye, Felicia.
Wait, I thought your daughter's
name was Quinn?
You don't know
"Bye, Felicia"?
No. Who's Felicia?
I don't actually
know who she is,
but it's on fleek.
Get ready.
Don't do that.
I'm coming in.
They're right upstair--
Don't do that.
I'm coming in.
Get ready.
You didn't trust me
to get 'em up in time.
Yes, I...
Oh! Oh...
Whoa.
That was good.
(whispers) What if I can't
get pregnant again?
What?
♪ ♪
♪ Well, I thought I could
match your glow ♪
♪ With an apple
that I taught regret ♪
♪ But you smashed that fruit
and you spat on my shoes ♪
♪ And you drew an airplane
flying through my head ♪
♪ I might as well be dead ♪
♪ Let those fireflies
chew off my legs ♪
♪ 'Cause I don't wanna ever
dance no more ♪
♪ No, no, no, no, no more ♪
♪ ♪